Allow secrets detection for forked branches (#1287)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> * Updated the **secrets** command to work forked branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the **secrets** command to work on forked branches.
```

@roysagi FYI

* Added a validation verifying that the pack's README.md file is not missing or empty for partner packs or packs contains use cases.
* Added a validation to ensure that the integration and script folder and file names will not contain separators (`_`, `-`, ` `).
* When formatting new pack, the **format** command will set the *fromversion* key to 5.5.0 in the new files without fromversion.

> * Update the **secrets** command to include forked branches

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated the **secrets** command to work forked branches.
```
